Parking

Just got a car. What’s the deal with parking on campus I was sure it’s too late to get a parking pass but the security at the gates say it may be still possible. Worst case I can use the Student Parking lot, I heard it’s underground… how do I get there?

Comment: To get to the student union parking lot, you’ll turn right off Kissena just before Melbourne Ave. You’ll see a little circular drive and a ramp headed underground to the garage. The fees aren’t too awful for a garage, but it’ll add up. I don’t remember for sure, but last year it was something like $5 for the first few hours and then an extra dollar for each subsequent hour. If you have early classes, there should also be plenty of metered parking along Melbourne Ave (the south side of campus). That’s $9 for six hours max (or less for shorter intervals). I’m not sure if parking enforcement bothers checking that cars are moving, but I’ve been able to just renew past the maximum parking time with the app no problem in other parts of the city.

Comment: I would always park on the street. Just walk a bit. By exit 2 there’s tons of parking if you look for a minute or two.

Comment: Evening decals (1:30pm and after) should still be available. Morning decals are only obtainable for a limited amount of time before the semester starts. The decal, when you get it, should display the parking spots that you are allowed to park at. You'll also get a campus map when you buy the decal at Jefferson Hall 201.

Comment: Guess I was too late as I have morning classes before 1:30pm 🥲

Comment: Eh, try going anyway. Maybe they have a few morning decals to spare.

Comment: You can only get afternoon decals when you only have classes after 4pm. One class above 4pm disqualify you. And they need your schedule as proof

Comment: I have 8ams unfortunately 🥲

Comment: That is not true. 1:30pm is considered evening. I legit been getting my evening decals the past 2 semesters, and 1:30pm is what the officers on campus consider evening. I never needed to show my schedule.