Announcements and News

For your convenience, we now accept credit card payments in person for violations and decals.

Starting August 12th, 2025, Public Safety will be open in Jefferson Hall, Room 201, Monday through Friday, from 9 am to 5 pm, for the purchase of annual 2025-2026 parking decals.



*Read more about
making a payment
for requirements and restrictions.​

Purchasing a Parking Decal

Registration and Fees

All fees and fines quoted in these regulations, including New York City parking tax where applicable, have been approved by the college and the Board of Trustees of the City University of New York, and are subject to change without notice. Fees and fines are designed to provide a self-supporting parking program that includes financing of construction, maintenance, lighting, security, and administration of the parking operation.



Application Checklist



1. Please make sure you bring the following in order to purchase your decal:

Your car registration

Your driver’s license

Your payment (personal check, money order, cash or credit card)

If you wish to expedite your parking decal purchase, pay by personal check, money order or credit card.

Making a Payment

You may pay online using PayPal or a credit card if:

you are faculty/staff and have:

a CUNYfirst ID number

purchased a yearly decal in a previous year, and

have not had a change in title; or,

are a student and received a notification that says you have been selected for a parking decal through the parking lottery.

All others may make payments using credit card, personal checks, and money orders in person at the Public Safety Office window. NO CASH  will be accepted.



Refund Policy and Appeals

Refund Policy

​No refunds will be issued after the first two weeks of a semester.

Refunds within the first two weeks of the semester or half of the original price refunded after the first semester when requested by January 31 of the following year.

No replacement for lost/stolen/destroyed stickers.

Validation stickers are not transferable.

Refunds are not made for an unexpired period for which a decal was issued, except for those who have paid for a second semester in advance. Claims for such refunds must be made no later than January 31 of the following year.

Appeals

Faculty, staff, and students have the right to appeal violations. Appeals must be filed online; go to www.qc.cuny.edu and log into myqc. Visitors who are ticketed for a violation may obtain an appeal form from the Main Gate Public Safety office or the Public Safety Office in Jefferson Hall, Room 201.

Violations for “decal not properly affixed” or “decal voided” must be resolved within 5 days by taking the ticket and the vehicle for which the decal is registered to the Main Gate for a supervisor to inspect. If your decal is observed to be properly affixed or not voided, the violation will be dismissed. After the 5-day period, your appeal will not be accepted, and you will be required to pay the fine imposed.

For all other violations, you have 10 days to file an online appeal. If an appeal is not filed within 10 days of the alleged violation, or if you receive a bill in the mail, you must pay your fine before you file an appeal. Sustained appeals may call for the return of all or part of any fines paid. If the appeal is denied, payment must be made within 10 days of the date of the email notification. Failure to pay the fine within 10 days after an appeal is denied will result in additional penalties for lateness, and a hold will be applied to your records.

Disposition of all appeals is FINAL.

Regulations

Parking Regulations

Full-time faculty or staff and college assistants employed at Queens College during the parking decal period (October to October) are required to pay the full price for parking regardless of when the decal is purchased. New employees starting April 1 or later pay $148 (full-time) or $90 (college assistants). Faculty or staff who are assigned to Field 2/7 and do not find parking there may park in Fields 5, 6, 14, or 15.

Pass for card-operated control gates: $25 refundable deposit

In no case shall these fees exceed $440 per vehicle per academic year.

Car registration must be in the family name.





Queens College Public Safety Department Parking and Traffic Regulations

Parking on the Queens College campus is by decal only. To be parked on college property, all vehicles must be registered with the Public Safety Office. Unregistered vehicles or vehicles parked in violation of the Parking and Traffic Regulations in this notice are subject to both ticketing and immobilization (“booting”). A $75 fee will be charged for removal of the immobilization boot in addition to the parking violation penalty for the ticket(s).

*Please note: Students/faculty/staff must park in their assigned fields.





Regulations

The following regulations govern parking privileges and should be read by everyone who parks on campus.

Illegally parked vehicles that interfere with the movement of traffic, or those with excessive violations, are subject to immobilization. Owners are charged a $75 service fee for the removal of “boot.”

Parking on campus is at the owner’s risk. The registered driver is responsible for the use of the vehicle on campus. The college is NOT responsible for loss or damage to any registered or other vehicles, their contents, or equipment. The fee provides only the privilege of parking on campus on a space-available basis.

Students are allowed to purchase only one parking decal for one vehicle.
– Car registration must be in the family name or same address.

Decals are NOT transferable to other persons or other vehicles. Parking privileges will be REVOKED, without refund, for failure to observe this regulation.

Unauthorized use of a Parking Decal: All parking permits must be purchased from the Public Safety office in Jefferson Hall, room 201.
If you purchased a parking decal from anywhere/anyone other than the Public Safety office in Jefferson Hall, room 201, the decal is NULL and VOID. Individuals will be subjected to disciplinary charges.

Parking on campus is at the driver’s risk. The registered driver is responsible for the use of the vehicle on campus. The college is not responsible for loss or damage to any registered or other vehicles, its contents, or equipment. The fee provides only the privilege of parking on campus on a space-available basis.

Decals must be for the current year and properly displayed. Decals for students must be affixed to the LOWER RIGHT SIDE OF THE WINDSHIELD (opposite the registration and inspection sticker). Decals for faculty/staff must be affixed to the back of the rear-view mirror. Your decal will be void if it is removed from your windshield or rearview mirror. Expired decals MUST be removed. DECALS THAT ARE NOT PROPERLY AFFIXED WILL BE CONFISCATED. Using tape or any method other than that specified on the decal is unacceptable and shall be considered a violation of these regulations. Cars NOT exhibiting a proper decal or special pass from the Public Safety Office are subject to ticketing and “booting,” as noted above.

Replacement decals:
a)   Lost, stolen, or destroyed decals will NOT be replaced.
b)   A replacement decal for a new vehicle may be purchased for $25 after the old sticker is brought to Public Safety in Jefferson Hall, Room 201.
c)    Lost or stolen control gate passes will be replaced upon payment of an additional $25 fee after the Public Safety Office verifies the loss.

Tickets are issued for failure to park in the assigned field or within the lines of demarcation. Please take a look at the campus map, which indicates field locations.

Parking is prohibited on roadways, in loading zones, and in any area not specifically designated for parking. These areas must be kept clear for the normal movement of traffic, fire apparatus and other emergency vehicles, college vehicles, and delivery trucks. Vehicles parked on roads or in fire lanes, obstructing fire hydrants or crosswalks, or creating a hazardous condition are subject to ticketing and “booting.” Handicapped spaces are reserved for those issued appropriate passes.

Parking on or driving around the Quadrangle is prohibited. The areas in front of Remsen Hall, Jefferson Hall, Kiely Hall, and the FitzGerald Gymnasium are reserved for authorized vehicles.

Traffic signs and these regulations are in effect at all times throughout the year.

Parking regulations will be strictly enforced. Cars not displaying a proper decal/special pass or parked so as to create a hazardous condition will be “booted.” A $75 service fee must be paid before the vehicle will be released. For information, contact the Public Safety Office at the Main Gate (718-997-5911/5912).

Vehicles are to be operated on campus with extreme caution and at NO MORE THAN 5 miles per hour. Pedestrians have the right of way at all times.

A driver damaging an unoccupied vehicle is required to report the incident to the nearest Public Safety Officer, no matter how minor the damage is.

Overnight parking (after 11 pm) on campus is strictly prohibited unless you have a Summit parking decal. In an emergency, specific arrangements must be made with the Public Safety Office JH201 or, after office hours, with the Public Safety Office at the Main Gate by calling 718-997-5912. Student parking ends at 11 pm unless otherwise authorized.

In the event of a severe snowstorm, cars that cannot be driven home should be moved, if possible, to the edges of the fields to facilitate snow removal. Drivers should avoid parking their cars on campus after a snowstorm until the areas are cleared. The superintendent of Buildings & Grounds is authorized to restrict parking on campus during a snow emergency.

a)

Cars with evening session stickers may NOT be parked on campus before 3 pm. After 3 pm, students who have evening decals may park in Fields 2, 5, 6, 9, 14, or 15. Day students must stay in their assigned fields. Note: During the summer session, students with annual evening decals must park in Fields 5 or 14 only before 3 pm. After 3 pm, they may park in Fields 2, 5, 6, 9, 14, or 15.

b)

After 8 am on Fridays, students with evening decals can only park on campus during the day in Fields 5 or 14.
c)

No-day student parking decals are sold during the spring semester. Students who purchase annual evening decals cannot switch their evening decals for day decals in the spring semester.

These regulations apply to the main campus, Kissena Hall, and all other college property off the main campus and are in effect at all times throughout the year.

Field 15 is usually closed on Fridays. If you have a decal for this field, when it is closed, you are authorized to park in Field 5 or 14 only. You cannot use the campus entrance (Kissena or Melbourne gates) to access Field 15.

Free parking is available during the summer term for students who have registered in one of the three summer sessions and is allowed from June to August only. Students are still required to complete an application and obtain a decal. If you have purchased an annual parking decal, parking during the summer term is permitted, and you do not have to obtain a separate decal.

Enforcement



Public Safety Officers and uniformed guards are assigned to reserve the parking areas for authorized vehicles. Drivers are expected to cooperate with the guards and to assist them in carrying out their assignments. A violation tag (ticket) will be attached to a vehicle if it is not parked in accordance with these regulations.

Penalties for violation of these regulations, subject to appeal as described below, are as follows:

Parking with no decal/pass: $50
Illegal parking in handicapped space: $50
All other violations: $25

Fines must be paid at the Security Office JH 201. Failure to pay a fine within 10 days will result in an additional penalty of $10. Failure to pay within 20 days adds another $10 penalty. In addition to monetary penalties, failure to pay after 20 days may result in cancellation of parking privileges, denial of future right to purchase a decal, “booting,” blocking of registration and release of diplomas and transcripts for students, and disciplinary action. Faculty and staff members who fail to pay after 20 days may be subject to cancellation of parking privileges, denial of future right to purchase a decal, and “booting.”
Office hours of the Bursar during the fall and spring semesters are Monday through Friday, 9:30 am–4:30 pm; Tuesday and Wednesday evenings, 5–7 pm. Hours are subject to change.

The violation tag (ticket) with payment made out to Queens College may be mailed to:

Office of Public Safety/Security
Queens College, CUNY
65-30 Kissena Boulevard
Queens, NY 11367-1597