Parking applications will be randomly selected from all of those submitted. If
your application is selected, this website will inform you which days to come to
Jefferson Hall, Room 201 to purchase your decal. Applications will not be
accepted in person. Please read the instructions below:
1. One Application per Student. Summit students must apply online
for EVENING DECALS after August 18th, 2025.
2. Parking is $275.00 for the year (fall/spring/summer).
3. You must clear all previous parking fines and/or holds. If you have
any holds, your application will automatically be removed from the
selection process.
4. You have, from June 16th, 2025, 9:00 am to August 3rd, 2025,
11:59 pm to submit your application on the web. Please see the
registration schedule*.
5. To fill out the online registration form, you will need
o your QC User ID (this login info is also used for lab computers,
wireless access on campus, etc.)
Please click here for more info.
o driver’s license
o your car registration
6. If all of your classes start after 2:00 P.M., for parking purposes,
you are considered an Evening student. Note: The College has
parking available for purchase for all evening students, but you are
still required to fill out the online application.
7. If one or more of your classes start before 2 :00 P.M., for parking
purposes, you are considered a Day student.
8. If you are selected to purchase a decal and you cannot come in
person, you could send a representative during your assigned week
to the Public Safety Office in Jefferson Hall 201. The individual
should have a valid State issued id along with a copy of your
driver’s license (no picture will be accepted) and the car
registration. Failure to do so will forfeit your chance of purchasing
a decal.
9. When you're ready to purchase your decal, please make sure you
bring the following:
o Your driver's license. You MUST have a valid driver's license to
purchase a parking decal. A Learner's Permit WILL NOT be
accepted.
o Your car registration. Either the family name or address on the
vehicle registration MUST match the last name or address on
the student's driver's license.
o Your payment (major credit card, personal check, money order, no
cash).

10. If you wish to expedite your purchase of a parking decal, bring
your payment in the form of a personal check or money order. Checks
will be deposited electronically on-site.
11. Any students interested in purchasing handicapped parking or
parking due to a medical condition must first apply online for day
or evening parking, then contact the Office of Special Services in
Kiely Hall 108 at 718-997-5870 for further instructions, Monday-
Friday 10:00 A.M. - 4:00 P.M.
1. REFUNDS: Students have until September 12th, 2025, to return
their decals for a full refund. Other refund/parking policies are
listed in the rules and regulations booklet you will receive when
you purchase your parking decal and can also be found online at
the following website.
https://www.qc.cuny.edu/ps/parking-traffic-regulations/
2. Please note: A replacement decal for a new vehicle may be
purchased for $25 ONLY AFTER the old decal is returned to
the Public Safety Office in Jefferson Hall 201. When replacing
leased cars or for new cars, you must bring back the decal or
pieces of it to be eligible for the $25 replacement fee. Failure to
return the decal will result in your having to purchase a new decal
at full price.
3. Decals are NOT TRANSFERABLE, either to other persons or to
other vehicles.
Parking privileges will be REVOKED, WITHOUT REFUND, for
failure to observe this regulation.
Click here to apply:
https://apps.qc.cuny.edu/ParkingAdministration/Logon.aspx