do we trust spothero?

Just curious how reliable spothero is. Thinking about driving into the city for our visit this weekend (coming from about 3 hours away with wife and 5 yr old...could take the train but parking isn't much more expensive than local train station parking and fare not to mention the convenience)

Anyway, spothero says this city parking garage near my hotel has a spot for a reasonable price...went to check the parking garage directly (cityparking.nyc) and it says that garage is sold out for our dates/times.

Do you buy from/trust spothero?

Comment: Spot Hero is incredibly... spotty. Too many times I've paid on spothero for a reserved spot, gotten to the garage, and told "We're full. Go elsewhere." And then trying to get someone on the phone in a timely manner is impossible, I have to pay out of pocket at another location and figure out a refund later.

Note that this is not something that happens all the time, I'd say 80% of the time, but often enough that if I'm traveling during peak hours I don't try spot hero anymore.

If the garage says sold out, I wouldn't bet that they would take your spothero reservation.

Edit: they've always refunded me if I wasn't able to park, but trying to call while sitting in NYC traffic waiting for them to find you another garage that may or may not also be full is not recommended.

Comment: Just curious, but did you tel the guy that you were using SpotHero? Because that happened to me once , and I told the guy that I had a SpotHero reservation and then he let me in. Only happened once tho so I’m not sure if that’s the norm

Comment: Do not use SpotHero in New York City. Prepaid my parking. Lot was full. They were rude. They sent me to another lot. Also full. They all acted like this happened all the time and I should know better.   Complete waste. Do not use spot hero in NYC.

Comment: This just happened to us this weekend, it made us late for my sister’s college graduation! They wouldn’t even help us find another lot either, just shooed us away.

Comment: \+1. Same thing just happened to me. The garage said they were full, didn't honor the reservation and I ended up having to scramble for parking and pay significantly more than I would have otherwise. What's more is that their "customer heroes" don't respond to emails and I've been trying to get a refund for 2 weeks (having given up on trying to get a reimbursement).

Comment: Have you tried any other apps? I heard ParkWhiz is good too.

Comment: SpotHero is 100% reliable — it’s the go-to garage app here and I’ve used it dozens of times without issue. You just tell the valet you paid on SpotHero and then they give you the ticket like usual. When you leave the garage they’ll scan the QR code from SpotHero and you’re good to go.

I wouldn’t be concerned with the garage’s website not showing availability. They likely have spots set aside for the apps.

Another benefit of SpotHero is you can literally cancel a minute before your reservation starts and get a full refund.

Enjoy your trip.

Comment: I used it last night for Bad Bunny's concert in Denver Colorado and I had zero issues. We showed our confirmation email to the garage attendant and he let us through.

Comment: I'm adding that i recently used spothero in a different state than I recide gor the first time. It gave me a QR code into the garage, and then I found there were zero spots for me to park. Completely full parking garage. I requested a refund and selected the option "lot is full" and they denied the request and said "you cannot request any refund after the reservation starts".. I literally cannot park in a spot I paid over $30 for.

Comment: Drove two hours to the event venue just to find out that the garage is full. They did not honor Spothero reservation. Drove back home after a frustrating night. Spothero customer service is non existent, finally got to talk to someone and all they can do is issue a future spothero credit instead of refund. I want my money back and the wasted 4 hours of my life. Never using them again or let any friends use them.

Comment: I know I’m late to this, but I have purchased spots on spot hero only to be told there is no spot available when I got to the garage

Comment: You said, "here. " Where is HERE?

Comment: SCAM
Paid the reservation fee and ended up in a boot. No help from the company.

Comment: Awesome, thanks

Comment: Unrelated question, I'm a foodie...is there a good subreddit for restaurant recommendations in/around Manhattan?

I usually trust eater and never trust yelp when I travel...but the eater lists are so short relative to the size of ny/number of restaurants there.

Comment: Check out r/FoodNYC

Comment: If you narrow down your search via neighborhood, cuisine, and price range, r/asknyc should help

But just asking for general recommendations in NYC with no qualifiers is useless since there's just so much.

Comment: Terrible customer service!! There are plenty of parking Apps and resources regarding parking. Don't use Spot Hero or Parking Panda (same company)!!! I used the Spot Hero App to book parking last weekend and was charged twice. I didn't notice until a few days later when I noticed the double charge against my credit card. When I called customer service, they told me I couldn't get a refund because it was after the fact. It's not the consumer's fault the Spot Hero App is glitchy and fails. I was charged $42.80 twice and the drive up rate was $20. They'll never get another penny from me.

Comment: Contact your credit card company and dispute the charges…

Comment: Not a great experience w their monthly parking deal. I got a quote from SH on their website, entered cReddit card info, and got a confirm number only to have the local garage send me an email an hour later saying “DENIED”.

Couldnt quite understand it, but seems the parking garage randomly decided to charge $500 more per month than SH was advertising (not a typo)!!

I spoke with SH and they were like “sorry, ultimately it’s the local garage decision on pricing”. Makes ZERO sense to me and local garage should honor their pricing arrangements w SH and SH should hold them to it

Comment: We do not trust to SpotHero: if there are two garages at the same address and you park at the wrong one (because there were no garage bane on my reservation!) - you can’t cancel, you can’t get refund. The irony is that we prepaid to SpotHero $57 (1,5h) for the MPG where we usually park at half of this price, and paid to the HSS garage next door $21.

Comment: SpotHero is a scam. Just pay for a regular parking spot. The spot they reserved for me was incredibly difficult to find and when I finally did find it there was another car parked there. I called their customer service and of course no one answered so I had to go pay for parking anyway. When I contacted them about a refund, they said that in order to get a cash refund I would’ve had to cancel before my reservation. So, no, we don’t trust spot hero.

Comment: That’s strange. I have a different experience. The app tells you if you take a picture of the car that’s parked in your spot, they give you a full refund + and extra 25 dollars. It happened to me and they were more than kind with refunding me and giving me credit!

Comment: +1 for yes. Used last night

Comment: Do they charge hourly or is it flat rate?

Comment: I booked for a set number of hours at a flat fee. Everything is prepaid through the app. When comes time to pick up the car and you normally pay, instead you show them the barcode and they scan it.

Comment: SpotHero's reliability seems to vary by location and time. It's generally a good service, but always have a backup plan. If you're looking for alternatives, parkingaccess often has comprehensive reviews and comparisons of different parking services, which might give you a broader perspective. Remember, direct garage bookings can sometimes offer more assurance of a spot, especially during peak times.

Comment: How did it work out ? were you able to get a spot despite garage showing as full ?

Comment: Not reliable. Paid for parking, but when I arrived to park the impark lot was full. Parked in an impark lot across the street, but was ticketed. Spot Hero did not look into this with the other impark lot (as I requested), nor cover the cost of the parking ticket..

Comment: Just used it this past week (July 2024) in NYC and although it seemed a little sketchy at first, it was 100% legit. Make sure you read the notes about each parking garage as some have limitations on vehicle size and some charge a little extra for larger vehicles and trucks (the one I used charged $10 each night). It was wayyy cheaper than the regular price the garage charges. Also, there are limitations on how often you can take your car in/out of the garage, so if you plan on driving while your in the city, looking other options may be better as most only allow a once in/out. It wasn’t a problem for me as the city transit, especially the subway, is everywhere and the traffic is pretty crazy at times. Best of luck!

Comment: For monthly reservations it is a scam!

First of all, they have incredibly ambiguous language on monthly reservations that the billing cycle starts on the 1st and don’t tell you the amount you pay isn’t prorated, so that if you reserved a monthly spot the day before the end of the month, you’d be charged the entire amount.

Second, there is no guarantee that you will have the spot you reserved. I had to go to the parking garage and fill out a separate application, which still hasn’t gotten approved (it’s been 8 days), but Spot Hero charged me the full amount ($300) immediately and now there’s no cancelling the reservation.

For monthly parking, don’t use their service, call the parking garages yourself.

Comment: I just used (reluctantly) spot hero last week to park for a week while vacationing in New York since the Hotel was charging over $100/day. The parking was in midtown adjacent to Times Square (1 block away). Spot hero charged me $250 for 6 days. No additional fees were asked of me either at drop off or pick up. I did tip the guy $20 at drop off though. When I showed the QR at drop off they knew exactly what it was and did not ask me any questions. The entire experience was flawless. What I did not expect was that I had to drop off the car AFTER the time I booked in the app. I was there 20 mins earlier and they said that they can take it but charge me additionally or I can go around the block a few times and come back after the booking time. The attendants did not go out of their way with pleasantries but were very prompt in directions and answers. I had a Tesla so I wanted to make sure that there’s no issue with leaving the car in valet mode and that if by any chance I need something from the car I can get it. While parked I did get some notifications that the car is being driven, and when I checked I realized that they’re moving it around as they were “stacking” multiple cars in the same spots (verified with the Tesla cams). At the end got the car back exactly as I left it. I realize that this is more of a review of the parking lot than the app, but the app was so straightforward that there isn’t really much to say about it. It just worked.

Comment: H

Comment: Do not use SpotHero in New York City. Prepaid my parking. Lot was full. They were rude. They sent me to another lot. Also full. They all acted like this happened all the time and I should know better.   Complete waste. Do not use spot hero in NYC.

Comment: Drove two hours to the event venue just to find out that the garage is full. They did not honor Spothero reservation. Drove back home after a frustrating night. Spothero customer service is non existent, finally got to talk to someone and all they can do is issue a future spothero credit instead of refund. I want my money back and the wasted 4 hours of my life. Never using them again or let any friends use them.

Comment: I used Spot Hero in Toronto, the barcode they provided wouldn’t scan so I had to pay with a credit card… &amp; the price I paid at the lot was 40% cheaper than the price spot hero charged me. I wouldn’t bother, seems like it’s either a very poorly run business or a straight up scam.

Comment: Did not work for me. Trying to contact them/

Comment: Utterly unreliable.  I paid in advance (including an oversize fee) for 3 different garages in New York City, to support a weekend trip my family was making.  Each of the 3 garages were specifically listed by Spothero as supporting oversize vehicles up to certain dimensions.  (And again, I paid Spothero in advance and received email confirmation: not just for the spot, but for the oversize fee.)

Upon arrival, 2 of the garages told me they could not accommodate me at all.  And the 3^(rd) insisted that I pay an extra fee on the spot, basically saying “too bad about Spothero; you’re paying us too, and if you don’t like it, move on”.

Spothero’s telephone support was “super”; they promised me “credit” and asked me to find another garage… which was impossible.  (I ended up finding street parking.)  The “credit” never materialized.  I followed up twice during the subsequent weeks.  Finally, almost 3 weeks later, I got an infuriating response chiding me for not being aware that some garages charge oversize fees in addition to the booking fee.  Well, no duh, that’s why I paid it in advance on Spothero (and have receipts from Spothero that says so.)  Who needs this aggravation.  AVOID SPOTHERO:  a complete waste of time and money.

Comment: Beware! I assumed the info they gave would get us to the correct lot. They only listed an address for the lot and not a single parking attendant or police officer knew what lot it was as all the lots are labeled by letters. Even the parking attendant said it was a scam purchase!! So I paid $80 for SpotHero then had to spend $40 to park in an actual lot. Never found the SpotHero lot per the address they provided and even asked after the game and no parking attendant knew, they said it was a scam. So I paid $120 for parking!! SpotHero won't refund or do anything about it.

Comment: very disappointed I paid for covered parking but the parking i got was no covered and the hotel staff mentioned that they already informed spothereo multiple times that they do not have covered parking available

I paid for covered parking and got uncovered parking its not fair at all

Comment: Keep emailing spot hero. I had a similar experience, they are gaslighting me like I have never experienced before and telling me I went to the wrong lot (I was at the correct lot) but they gave me a credit. I am working on a refund because this app is unreliable and I don’t want to have a repeat experience.

Comment: Not at all !
Do not use them as they will screw you over.
I paid for a spot online only to find out the parking lot had a gare which was closed. I called them and was on hold for a long period. Then decided to park outside the gate where there was more parking. When I came back saw a $86 ticket. I contacted them and sent them all the pictures and proof and they responded back after 10 days by saying " sorry we cant help you as why i didn't call them right then". I would avoid using them at all cost !

Comment: I recently paid Spot Hero $25 per day at a garage where the sign at the entrance said $15 per day. Buyer beware!

Comment: Following

Comment: I used to trust them, but no more

I was refused entry to the Parking Garage that I reserved and paid for through SpotHero.

Not only was I turned away at the garage, there was no alternative. It took almost half an hour to get a rep on the phone and I'm wandering around in bumper to bumper gridlocked traffic in Times Square and the Theatre District. Ended up spending $50 at another lot and missing my appointment.

Wasted a six hour round trip of stress that they sabotaged with ineptitude

Comment: .

Comment: It's diabolical that they asked me even for my car model and plate number and charge me for over size vehicle... for what? To then not letting me park cuz the car won't fit? I was late for a ceremony due to this issue. If you ask the model and charge for oversize car ... the least you can do is make sure they will take the car.

Comment: My parking experience was good, but minutes after I booked it I got a scam call about my Credit Card, could just be a coincidence, but if anyone else had this happen after booking please post here, so we can track it down.

Comment: Stay far away from this shit show. Three separate occasions were the app took my money but failed to deliver the service as promised. Then you have to fight with them to get a refund.

Comment: Nope. Total ripoff. Takes your cars make and model and charges you one fee than garage doubles it when you leave.

Comment: I just got hosed. Used it for a spot in downtown Chicago, the place would not take the QR code. Tried everything. Then was like, whatever, I need to park. Was about to just go in and park, but the rate was 4 times higher. F that. Backed out and got a spot elsewhere for the same price spot hero offered.

Comment: Don’t use in Chicago or New York. Probably other places too.

Comment: Burnt my fingers a few times in NY. So nope, never gonna use them again, like ever.

Comment: 1-star. I reserved a spot in a garage for $50. When I arrived, the stated on-site price was $15! I contacted customer service and they would not refund me.

Comment: Lot was completely overbooked. Drove around over 1hr in lot with no spot. Spoke to Melissa Customer Service "Supervisor" who said only partial refund would be sent because over an hour in lot and I should be happy about that. Completely unacceptable. Wife and kids came to support me running my first ever 5k race and they never even got to get out of the car. I was told I should have called customer service for relocation. Not acceptable. The city was packed, roads were closed,traffic was crazy.

Comment: SCAM
We had paid for a parking spot and ended up with a boot.

Comment: I am using it with my dad who does the driving for the first time tomorrow to go to a soccer match here in Toronto at BMO Field (Canada vs Iceland) and I guess we’ll find out how reliable is it or not

Comment: ?

Comment: Spot Hero is a scam. They took my money to reserve a space and when I arrived the garage said they were full and wouldn’t honor it. I tried to get my money back by disputing the charge but they refused to do it. All they would do is give me a credit towards future parking. That is dishonest and unethical. I recommend people stay away from them and use another parking app instead.

Comment: In my experience spot hero has been great. I’ve used it maybe about a dozen times in the past year to find parking and it is more economical by far than paying the listed prices at a garage. Only once have I shown up and the garage said they’re full. In that situation I just called spot hero and they gave me a full refund. I highly recommend it and it has made parking far less stressful esp. in areas like midtown where there is no weekday street parking.

Comment: Some spots closer to us that aren’t full don’t show up on SpotHero for some reasons. We also booked one that has great reviews but the experience was horrible. Next time we’d scope around our area first.

Comment: I’ve never had a problem.

Comment: Spot Hero is great. Only one time have I been turned away because the garage is full. I told Spot Hero I had to find other parking, sent them a receipt of said parking, and they refunded me the difference from the original garage I paid for (the hotel parking was more expensive). Was very pleased with the customer service.

Comment: Have you tried Park whiz? I googled is park whiz safe, before using them and seemed pretty legit from this trusted source site parkingaccess

Comment: No. I have not used Spot Hero that often, but twice had Spot Hero reservations rejected because the lot was full. Received a credit, but late for the conventions.
I once made a Spot Hero reservation for an airport lot over a long holiday weekend. When my flight was delayed, I went to extend my booking. The cost was almost $100 LESS than the initial reservation to extend the time. When I talked to the lot attendants, they basically let me know that I had been WAY overcharged. Spot Hero gave me parking credit for the difference between original charge and extended amount.
When I accidentally made a reservation for the wrong time (the website refreshed the time) and tried to get a credit, they let me know that since I was trying to get a credit after the start of the reservation, I was out of luck.

I'd say that I've had about 50% use with no issues, but am done with Spot Hero. Icon Parking has their own website and is pretty ubiquitous in NYC, which is generally where I'm looking to reserve parking.

Comment: Spothero is VERY erratic in Manhattan. Was great in my old neighborhood in midtown. Has been a nightmare in my new neighborhood on the upper east side. 80% of the time I get to the garage and they refuse to admit me claiming they are too full. Yes, Spothero will then rebook you somewhere close, where they also turn you away because they are full. So an hour later you still have no parking and are now late to where you are supposed to be. I am done with spothero until I move again.

Comment: I'm in the same area . What's your Go-to parking app these days ?

Comment: Very unreliable. Almost every time I use it in NYC, I am told "lot full" and I have to call customer service and get rebooked. Today, the second garage was also full, and only after pleading with the attendant did he let me park (he didn't give a crap about Spothero, none of them do).

Comment: I think the app itself can be unfriendly, it never lets me extend parking times or today, I tried to change the license plate to my friends, but it just throws error codes. It did this to me in april too, wouldn’t allow me to edit the reservation in any way.

Today when I arrived, someone was parked in my spot. Luckily, while on the phone with spothero, the left.

When I parked at a metro station in DC, the ticket wouldn’t take, the QR code— making me have to repay to get in.

However, where I have parked, I’ve had no issues. I keep a lot of stuff in my car (valuables for on the go, haha) and haven’t had to worry. Car hasn’t been messed with. Never felt unsafe in an area i’ve left my car, or when walking away.

I think it can be good, but doesn’t mean it always will be.

Comment: As of the fall of 2023, SpotHero is very unreliable in NYC. I had two reservations in a row that the garage wouldn't honor and said the garage closed much earlier than I had reserved. It seems about 50/50 now that the garage will say they're full and send me away when I have a reservation from SpotHero. It seems like the garage owners are having a dispute with SpotHero and the customers are suffering from it. Very frustrating.

Comment: had the same issue in NYC. Contacted Spothero and they were willing to refund, but via check. I still haven't received that check, and it's been 3 months. So I paid about $220 for 2 days of parking in NYC, in total. The garage, and Spothero.

Comment: Just had my first negative experience with SpotHero (San Francisco). Made an “enter after 8pm and exit before midnight” reservation on a Friday night. Arrived at the garage, and it was fully locked up and gated — no access to the scanner for my QR code. I have reached out to them for a refund and will update here on what I hope is an easy process with no pushback. They should not allow a booking for an “after 8 pm” entrance if the garage will not be accessible at that time. Before this, I would have recommended them unreservedly for the best prices at the most secure locations. It’s one thing to offer cut rate prices at open air, unsecured lots, but to have underground, secure parking at a decent price is desirable. I hope they do the right thing and that I can continue to stand behind my recommendation.

Comment: Sad to report that SpotHero never made this right. Assigned my complaint a case number but never issued a refund. I sent two follow ups to my original message. After a couple weeks, I gave up and disputed the charge with my credit card company, who issued me a full refund immediately.

Comment: I guess I'm going to have to do the same. :(

Comment: SpotHero sold/reserved spots in the parking lot for my business this last Saturday. Building management knew nothing about it, nor did either of the other two businesses in the building. We're thinking it's entirely fraudulent. Looking at their app, our lot is highlighted with a slightly different address. So strange. Total scam. We had to tell them all they couldn't park there.